Update the link for new Discussion (#4216)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/terms/table.md

hoverSnippet: In simplest terms, a table is the direct storage of data in rows and columns.  Think excel sheet with raw values in each of the cells.  
---
:::important This page could use some love

> This term would benefit from additional depth and examples. Have knowledge to contribute? [Create a discussion in the DBT Community Forum](https://discourse.getdbt.com) to begin the process of becoming a glossary contributor!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This term would benefit from additional depth and examples. Have knowledge to contribute? [Create an issue in the docs.getdbt.com repository](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/new/choose) to begin the process of becoming a glossary contributor!
```
